# Disclaimer

* This whitepaper is intended to describe the services of _Social Producing Dapp,Zxying.ai_ and can be reviewed and revised due to the project's schedule, progress, and other factors.
* The version of this whitepaper is based on the date shown on the cover page. The contents of this whitepaper reflect only the direction and progress of the project until such date and may be changed at any time after the date of creation.
* The version of this whitepaper may be changed and updated on an irregular basis depending on the need to revise its content.
* This whitepaper is not intended to collect or receive funds, and no one can raise or receive funds based on this whitepaper. Any action, such as sending this whitepaper, should not be construed as a purchase proposal.
* This whitepaper is not intended to suggest investment or recruit investors, nor may it be construed as an offer of investment or recruitment of investors by any geographical or environmental factors.
* The distribution of the _Social Producing Dapp,Zxying.ai_ tokens will be done through a contract separate from this whitepaper, and the contract will follow its own agreement. If the content of this whitepaper and the content of the contract do not match or are in conflict, the content of the contract shall prevail.
* In countries or regions where the content of this whitepaper is illegal, it should not be reproduced, modified, or distributed in whole or in part in such regions. Further, if a party recognizes that they are from the country or region where this whitepaper is illegal and still chooses to make investments, then the party is deemed to acknowledge the risks associated with such activity, and _Social Producing Dapp,Zxying.ai_ shall not be liable or have any legal responsibilities regarding such action by the party.
* _Social Producing Dapp,Zxying.ai_ tokens are defined in this white paper cannot be construed as financial investment products such as bonds, stocks, securities, auctions, derivatives, etc., and cannot claim rights in any case. _Social Producing Dapp,Zxying.ai_ tokens do not guarantee income or profits, such as financial interest, under any circumstances. In addition, the buyer of the _Social Producing Dapp,Zxying.ai_ tokens should not interpret the _Social Producing Dapp,ZXing.ai_ tokens purchasing behavior as an investment and profit generation act, and no person should understand or recognize it as an entity that can obtain financial income such as investment income and interest.
* _Social Producing Dapp,Zxying.ai_ tokens are fully functional at the time of transfer.
* This whitepaper does not guarantee the integrity of the business pursued by _Social Producing Dapp,Zxying.ai_, and contracted parties who wish to use _Social Producing Dapp,Zxying.ai_ shall provide its services only to the extent possible. The content of this whitepaper is not responsible for errors and delays in the provision and development of services and related matters, and no person may claim responsibility for this.
* This whitepaper covers future plans and is based on the practicality of the plan. However, this is not guaranteed and the content of this whitepaper does not guarantee the integrity of future developed services.
* The content of this whitepaper cannot be construed as legal, financial, accounting, tax, or any other advice in any case. In the process of purchasing and using _Social Producing Dapp,Zxying.ai_ tokens, separate legal, financial, accounting, taxation, and other actions may occur. Those purchasing may need separate consultation, and _Social Producing Dapp,Zxying.ai_ is not responsible for these matters.

